Piyush Mehta - Blog Piyush Mehta $whoami Blog Uses Projects Videos Workshops Resume Blog I write about React, JavaScript and how to solve problems. Enjoy your read! How to make your own blog like this website! Step 1 So first of all, make sure you have Nodejs and VSCode installed on your pc. If not, download it from VSCode from here https://code.visualstudio.com/download and NodeJs from… 🔥 A Beginner’s Guide to Hacktoberfest & Winning the schwag 👕 Hacktoberfest 2020 is a month long virtual festival event to celebrate open source contributions presented by Digital Ocean, Intel and DEV. It is the easiest way to get into open source! Do… What is Event Loop in JavaScript Introduction JavaScript Event Loop is one of the most fundamental concepts that every developer must aspire to understand. It is also one of the most frequently asked interview questions… What the Hell is microfrontend? The term Micro Frontends first came up in ThoughtWorks Technology Radar at the end of 2016. Micro-frontend architecture is a design approach in which a front-end app is decomposed into… Monitor Website Uptime using GitHub Actions Create your own website monitor in seconds! Step 1 Create a new repository, I'll name it piyushmehta.com Step 2 Create a directory named and workflows inside it .github/workflows Step… How Do I Stop Feeling Inferior? We'll answer these in this blog. Everyone of us feels inferior at some point of time, we constantly live with this complex fear. We are constantly told in so many ways that we're inadequate… Will you be the Kubernetes to My Docker? Let's get straight to this! What is container? Containers are a form of operating system virtualization. A single container might be used to run anything from a small microservice or… How we are maintaining ProtoBuf (Protocol Buffers) at Nuclei We at Nuclei, welcome the latest technologies in our stack. We have our Micro Services in Java and Go Lang. I as a Full Stack Developer got an opportunity to completely build this system for… The Silent S in HTTPS Before we start to learn about what is HTTPS, let us first know the benefits: 1. HTTPS makes your website less vulnerable to cybercrimes Let’s say you have a website that brings your… Piyush Mehta © 2021